[Docs] Add section: Local vs remote (#7640)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/concepts/local-remote.md

(local-remote)=
# Local vs. remote workflows

To run multiple functions, one after the other such as: `jobs`, `serving` and `nuclio`, you can use a kfp pipeline. There are three types of pipeline engines:
- [Remote on KFP](#remote-kfp)
- [KFP](#kfp)
- Local &mdash; Used to run local pipeline with local functions, mainly for testing. Use (set `local=True in function.run()`).

<img src="../_static/images/pipelines-flow.png" width="800" >

All three types are configured by the `engine` flag, when running the workflow, see {py:class}`mlrun.projects.MlrunProject.run`.
 
## Remote-KFP 

> Remote workflows are run on a pod named `workflow-runner-<workflow-name>`. This pod is responsible for loading the files from the remote source (git, tar.gz or zip) and running the KFP by using the files from the remote source.

Reviewer: Remote workflows are run by a pod named

> In some cases you might not want to load the files from the remote source, but instead use the files within the running image. See details in [build image](../projects/run-build-deploy.md#build_image),. In this case, you need to build an image that contains the workflow file and then change the workflow runner source to the local path in the image. See the example below.

Reviewer: then change the workflow runner source to point the project local files in the running image image

You can modify the pod image, source, and the pod node selector with:
- `project.set_workflow(name="main",workflow_path="workflow.py,image="<runner-image>")` &mdash; changing the runner image
- `project.run("main",engine="remote",workflow_runner_node_selector={"key":"value"})` &mdash; changing the runner node selector 
- `project.run(source=<source-URL>)` &mdash; changing the runner source

> **This pod must be based on the image `mlrun/mlrun-kfp`. See {ref}`images-usage`.**

Reviewer: maybe worth adding to this line a note annotations ? wdyt

Author: added

(local-remote)=
# Local vs. remote workflows

> To run multiple functions, one after the other such as: `jobs`, `serving` and `nuclio`, you can use a kfp pipeline. There are three types of pipeline engines:

Reviewer: maybe worth adding that it can run also functions in parallel?

(local-remote)=
# Local vs. remote workflows

To run multiple functions, one after the other, or in parallel, such as: `jobs`, `serving` and `nuclio`, you can use a kfp pipeline. There are three types of pipeline engines:
- [Remote on KFP](#remote-kfp)
- [KFP](#kfp)

> - Local &mdash; Used to run local pipeline with local functions, mainly for testing. Use (set `local=True in function.run()`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Local &mdash; Used to simulate a pipeline run without using KFP - it triggers the jobs directly, mainly for testing. Use (set `local=True in function.run()` to run the functions locally or `project.run(local=True)` to apply for all functions).
```

(local-remote)=
# Local vs. remote workflows

To run multiple functions, one after the other  (`jobs`), you use a pipeline. There are three types of pipeline engines:
- [Remote on KFP](#remote-kfp)
- [Remote](#remote)
- Local &mdash; Used to run local pipeline with local functions, mainly for testing. Use (set local=True in function.run()).

<img src="../_static/images/pipelines-flow.png" width="800" >

All three types are configured when running the workflow, see {py:class}`mlrun.projects.MlrunProject.run`.
 
## Remote-KFP 

> Remote workflows are run on the remote server with KFP. They can be run by a project with a remote source or one that is contained on the image. 

Reviewer: When running a remote workflow we are triggering a pod named "workflow-runner" that run and load the workflow file, you can change the first sentence to as you write below - Remote workflows are run on the workflow runner pod that runs and load your workflow

```
```
import mlrun
project_name = "remote-workflow-example"
source_url = "git://github.com/mlrun/project-demo.git"
source_code_target_dir = "./project" # Optional, relative to "/home/mlrun_code". A different absolute path can be specified.

# Create a new project
project = mlrun.load_project(context=f"./{project_name}", url=source_url, name=project_name)

# Set the project source and workflow
project.set_source(source_url)
project.set_workflow(name="main", workflow_path="kflow.py")

# Build the image, load the source to the target dir and save the project
project.build_image(target_dir=source_code_target_dir)
project.save()

# Run the workflow, load the project from the target dir on the image
project.run("main", source="./", engine="remote", dirty=True)
```

See also [Local and KFP engine pipeline notifications](../concepts/notifications.md#local-and-kfp-engine-pipeline-notifications) and [Setting notifications on scheduled run](../concepts/notifications.md#setting-notifications-on-scheduled-runs).

> ## Remote

Reviewer: Need to change to just KFP

The spec file is created in MLRun and is compiled and run in the client side. 

> project.run("main", engine='remote')

Reviewer: project.run("main", engine='kfp')
